[Applause]
why did you make me do that look at me
focus on my voice I'm not giving up on
you Jean she was my friend
you're my family James no matter what
look
you're special gene and if you stop
fighting that force inside you
to embrace it
he will possess the very power of a God
oculus all tell me how we fix this
trough tell me what to do now don't know
what to do
no they don't understand they fear and
what they fear we seek to destroy
it's your fault Charles
tries to protect our I'm scared
when I lose control bad things happen to
people I punch the girl dies she's still
June we can still help her
sometimes you want to believe people are
something that they are not
well it'll mean Venus who they are it's
too late
she's coming
[Music]